Metadata version validation (#1840)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
* Fixed an issue in the **create-id-set** command where similar items from different marketplaces were reported as duplicated.
* Fixed typo in demisto-sdk init

> * Added a version format validation to the pack_metadata.json as part of pack_unique_files checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a validation to the **validate** command that verifies that the version in the pack_metdata file is written in the correct format.
```
